Lan Lan
Do you remember what day it is today?
What day is it?
Today is the day we remarry
Little idiot just told you this morning
i
Married to you?
how
Don't you want to?
You really don't want to
Hey me
I shake my head not to say I don't want to
I nod.
It's not to answer your second question.
But to answer your first question
What I'm saying is
I would.
I will not marry anyone except my brother
Jiangnan
This world
Only you can give me unconditional love
Even if you forget everything
I even forgot who I was
But I have never forgotten to love this thing
blue
come
Lan Lan, look
This photo is when you first arrived at the Lu's house.
You eat like a kitten
This is a few of us moving
I will be the groom
How about you as a bride
You know what?
You would have married me long ago
This was when we were in college
I know you have something on your mind
But I can't show it
Because of me at that time
There is no ability to protect you at all
Brother, the college entrance examination is finally over.
Can I ask you to be reserved in the future?
No longer a brother
Lan Lan introduces to you
This is my girlfriend. Do you know her, Ying?
Look at sister-in-law
sister-in-law
Here it is.